## Question
Implement a SnapshotArray that supports the following interface:

* SnapshotArray(int length) initializes an array-like data structure with the given length. Initially, each element equals 0.
* void set(index, val) sets the element at the given index to be equal to val.
* int snap() takes a snapshot of the array and returns the snap_id: the total number of times we called snap() minus 1.
* int get(index, snap_id) returns the value at the given index, at the time we took the snapshot with the given snap_id

https://leetcode.com/problems/snapshot-array/description/

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input: ["SnapshotArray","set","snap","set","get"]
[[3],[0,5],[],[0,6],[0,0]]
Output: [null,null,0,null,5]
Explanation: 
SnapshotArray snapshotArr = new SnapshotArray(3); // set the length to be 3
snapshotArr.set(0,5);  // Set array[0] = 5
snapshotArr.snap();  // Take a snapshot, return snap_id = 0
snapshotArr.set(0,6);
snapshotArr.get(0,0);  // Get the value of array[0] with snap_id = 0, return 5
</pre>



## Thinking
For this problem we need to optimize on space so we can't tradeoff memory for time. If you save the whole array for every snapshot there will be "Memory limit exceeded" error.
Essentially we are interested only in history of changes for the index, and it could be only few changes of one index. This means we need to lookup effectively value by index and save only those that changed. We can use Map for this, use index as key, value as a value.
We keep such map for every snapshot, each consequence change will override previous value but this is perfectly fine - we care only about last value. We keep maps in a list, index of the element is a snapshot index.
On value lookup we start scanning list elements starting from the passed snapshot_id back to 0. Return first value for the index that we found - this means the most recent change up to this snapshot_id. If we haven't found anything it means there were no changes and we can return initial value which is 0 for all elements.

## Coding
O(1) for set - lookup for the map is O(1), put to the map is O(1) (average). However tree map algorithm actually takes O(log n).
O(snap_id) for get() - we can potentially search up to snap_id snapshots (maps in our list), then O(1) for the lookup by index.
O(length^2) for space - we can save every element in map, then change every element for every snapshot

### Solution
Used tree map to get advantage of floor entry. As tree map sorted the entries whenever they put in already, it can get the 
nearest snapshot that is smaller than the snap_id provided.
```java
class SnapshotArray {
    TreeMap<Integer, Integer>[] Tm;// Tree map has default sorting mechanisms
    int snap_id = 0;

    public SnapshotArray(int length) {
        Tm = new TreeMap[length];
        for (int i = 0; i < length; i++) {
            Tm[i] = new TreeMap<Integer, Integer>();
            Tm[i].put(0, 0);
        }
    }

    public void set(int index, int val) {
        Tm[index].put(snap_id, val);
    }

    public int snap() {
        return snap_id++;
    }

    public int get(int index, int snap_id) {
        // get the entry with greatest snapshot id key less than snap_id
        return Tm[index].floorEntry(snap_id).getValue();
    }
}


```


