## Question
Given a string s, return the longest palindromic substring in s.

https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/description/?envType=company&envId=google&favoriteSlug=google-thirty-days

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input: s = "babad"
Output: "bab"
Explanation: "aba" is also a valid answer.
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
Input: s = "cbbd"
Output: "bb"
</pre>

Constraints:  
* 1 <= s.length <= 1000  
* s consist of only digits and English letters.  


## Thinking
### Intuition

Let's say that we knew the substring with inclusive boundsi, jwas a palindrome. Ifs[i - 1] == s[j + 1], then we know the substring with inclusive boundsi - 1, j + 1must also be a palindrome, and this check can be done in constant time.  

We can flip the direction of this logic as well - ifs[i] == s[j]and the substringi + 1, j - 1is a palindrome, then the substringi, jmust also be a palindrome.  

We know that all substrings of length 1 are palindromes. From this, we can check if each substring of length 3 is a palindrome using the above fact. We just need to check everyi, jpair wherej - i = 2. Once we know all palindromes of length 3, we can use that information to find all palindromes of length 5, and then 7, and so on.  

What about even-length palindromes? A substring of length 2 is a palindrome if both characters are equal. That is,i, i + 1is a palindrome ifs[i] == s[i + 1]. From this, we can use the earlier logic to find all palindromes of length 4, then 6, and so on.  
 
Let's use a tabledpwith dimensions ofn * n.dp[i][j]is a boolean representing if the substring with inclusive boundsi, jis a palindrome. We initializedp[i][i] = truefor the substrings of length 1, and thendp[i][i + 1] = (s[i] == s[i + 1])for the substrings of length 2.  

Now, we need to populate the table. We iterate over alli, jpairs, starting with pairs that have a difference of 2 (representing substrings of length 3), then pairs with a difference of 3, then 4, and so on. For eachi, jpair, we check the condition from earlier:  

`s[i] == s[j] && dp[i + 1][j - 1]`

If this condition is true, then the substring with inclusive boundsi, jmust be a palindrome. We setdp[i][j] = true.  

Because we are starting with the shortest substrings and iterating toward the longest substrings, every time we find a new palindrome, it must be the longest one we have seen so far. We can use this fact to keep track of the answer on the fly.  


## Coding
Time: O(n^2)

Space: O(n^2)

### Solution
```java
class Solution {
    public String longestPalindrome(String s) {
        int n = s.length();
        // whether string index i~j is a palindrome
        boolean[][] dp = new boolean[n][n];
        int[] ans = new int[]{0, 0};

        // length 1 substring is always palindrome
        for (int i=0; i<n; i++)
        {
            dp[i][i] = true;
        }

        // initialize length 2 substring
        for (int i=0; i<n-1; i++)
        {
            if (s.charAt(i) == s.charAt(i+1))
            {
                dp[i][i+1] = true;
                ans[0] = i;
                ans[1] = i+1;
            }
        }

        for (int windowSize = 3; windowSize < n+1; windowSize++)
        {
            for (int i=0; i<n-windowSize+1; i++)
            {
                int j = i+windowSize-1;
                if (s.charAt(i) == s.charAt(j) && dp[i+1][j-1])
                {
                    dp[i][j] = true;
                    ans[0] = i;
                    ans[1] = j;
                }
            }
        }

        return s.substring(ans[0], ans[1]+1);
    }
}
```