## Question
Given an integer array nums, find the subarray with the largest sum, and return its sum.

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input: nums = [-2,1,-3,4,-1,2,1,-5,4]
Output: 6
Explanation: The subarray [4,-1,2,1] has the largest sum 6.
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
Input: nums = [1]
Output: 1
Explanation: The subarray [1] has the largest sum 1.
</pre>

**Example 3:**
<pre>
Input: nums = [5,4,-1,7,8]
Output: 23
Explanation: The subarray [5,4,-1,7,8] has the largest sum 23.
</pre>

Constraints:
1 <= nums.length <= 105  
-104 <= nums[i] <= 104  

## Thinking
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/solutions/1126554/maximum-subarray/?envType=company&envId=google&favoriteSlug=google-thirty-days

### Intuition

Whenever you see a question that asks for the maximum or minimum of something, consider Dynamic Programming as a possibility. The difficult part of this problem is figuring out when a negative number is "worth" keeping in a subarray. This question in particular is a popular problem that can be solved using an algorithm called Kadane's Algorithm. If you're good at problem solving though, it's quite likely you'll be able to come up with the algorithm on your own. This algorithm also has a very greedy-like intuition behind it.  

Let's focus on one important part: where the optimal subarray begins. We'll use the following example.  

nums = [-2, 1, -3, 4, -1, 2, 1, -5, 4]  

We can see that the optimal subarray couldn't possibly involve the first 3 values - the overall sum of those numbers would always subtract from the total. Therefore, the subarray either starts at the first 4, or somewhere further to the right.  

What if we had this example though?  

nums = [-2,1000000000,-3,4,-1,2,1,-5,4]  
 
We need a general way to figure out when a part of the array is worth keeping.  

As expected, any subarray whose sum is positive is worth keeping. Let's start with an empty array, and iterate through the input, adding numbers to our array as we go along. Whenever the sum of the array is negative, we know the entire array is not worth keeping, so we'll reset it back to an empty array.  

However, we don't actually need to build the subarray, we can just keep an integer variable current_subarray and add the values of each element there. When it becomes negative, we reset it to 0 (an empty array).  

## Coding
Time complexity: O(n)
Space complexity: O(1) 

### Solution
A clever way to update currentSubarray is using currentSubarray = max(num, currentSubarray + num). If currentSubarray is negative, then num > currentSubarray + num.
```java
class Solution {
    public int maxSubArray(int[] nums) {
        // Initialize our variables using the first element.
        int currentSubarray = nums[0];
        int maxSubarray = nums[0];

        // Start with the 2nd element since we already used the first one.
        for (int i = 1; i < nums.length; i++) {
            int num = nums[i];
            // If current_subarray is negative, throw it away. Otherwise, keep adding to it.
            currentSubarray = Math.max(num, currentSubarray + num);
            maxSubarray = Math.max(maxSubarray, currentSubarray);
        }

        return maxSubarray;
    }
}

```