## Question
You are given an array prices where prices[i] is the price of a given stock on the ith day, and an integer fee representing a transaction fee.

Find the maximum profit you can achieve. You may complete as many transactions as you like, but you need to pay the transaction fee for each transaction.

https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-with-transaction-fee/description/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=leetcode-75

Note:

    You may not engage in multiple transactions simultaneously (i.e., you must sell the stock before you buy again).
    The transaction fee is only charged once for each stock purchase and sale.


**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input: prices = [1,3,2,8,4,9], fee = 2
Output: 8
Explanation: The maximum profit can be achieved by:
- Buying at prices[0] = 1
- Selling at prices[3] = 8
- Buying at prices[4] = 4
- Selling at prices[5] = 9
The total profit is ((8 - 1) - 2) + ((9 - 4) - 2) = 8.
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
Input: prices = [1,3,7,5,10,3], fee = 3
Output: 6
</pre>

Constraints:

    1 <= prices.length <= 5 * 104
    1 <= prices[i] < 5 * 104
    0 <= fee < 5 * 104

## Thinking
The philosophy of this strategy is thinking about being in a "bought" state or a "sold" state, meaning:

    You're in the "bought" state if your most recent decision (besides waiting) was to buy a stock
    You're in the "sold" state if your most recent decision (besides waiting) was to sell a stock

Note that the way the problem is set up, you always start in the "sold" state, since you have no stock. You also want to end in the "sold" state, so that you don't needlessly spend money buying a stock that you never sell.

With this in mind, the "buy" variable in OP's code records the highest your profit margin can be if you end the day in the "bought" state. Similarly, the "sell" variable records the highest your profit margin can be if you end the day in the "sold" state. Neither of these necessarily assumes that you're buying or selling on this specific day, just that you end the day in the corresponding state.

To actually compute these variables, we do the following:

    The best profit margin you can have by ending a day in the "bought" state is the max of:
    (a) whatever previous max you calculated for the "bought" state (which is stored in buy), and
    (b) the previous max you calculated for the "sold" state, minus the price of buying today's stock

That's why the code says buy = max(buy, sell-price).

    The best profit margin you can have by ending a day in the "sold" state is the max of:
    (a) whatever previous max you calculated for the "sold" state (which is stored in sell), and
    (b) the previous max you calculated for the "bought" state, plus the selling price of the stock and minus the transaction fee.

That's why the code says sell = max(sell, buy+price-fee).

## Coding
Time: O(n)

Space: O(1)

### Solution
```java
class Solution {
    public int maxProfit(int[] prices, int fee) {
        // state that we buy (have stock) or sell (no stock)
        int buy = Integer.MIN_VALUE;
        int sell = 0;


        for (int i=0; i<prices.length; i++)
        {
            // we are in sell state if we either not buy when we are in buy state already
            // or if we buy if we are in sell state
            buy = Math.max(buy, sell - prices[i]);
            // fee only applies for once in a buy sell cycle, so only need to apply to either one
            sell = Math.max(sell, buy + prices[i] - fee);
        }

        return Math.max(buy, sell);
    }
}
```
