## Question
Design a data structure that simulates an in-memory file system.

Implement the FileSystem class:

* FileSystem() Initializes the object of the system.
* List<String> ls(String path)
  * If path is a file path, returns a list that only contains this file's name.
  * If path is a directory path, returns the list of file and directory names in this directory.
* The answer should in lexicographic order.
* void mkdir(String path) Makes a new directory according to the given path. The given directory path does not exist. If the middle directories in the path do not exist, you should create them as well.
* void addContentToFile(String filePath, String content)
  * If filePath does not exist, creates that file containing given content.
  * If filePath already exists, appends the given content to original content.
* String readContentFromFile(String filePath) Returns the content in the file at filePath.

https://leetcode.com/problems/design-in-memory-file-system/description/

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input
["FileSystem", "ls", "mkdir", "addContentToFile", "ls", "readContentFromFile"]
[[], ["/"], ["/a/b/c"], ["/a/b/c/d", "hello"], ["/"], ["/a/b/c/d"]]
Output
[null, [], null, null, ["a"], "hello"]

Explanation
FileSystem fileSystem = new FileSystem();
fileSystem.ls("/");                         // return []
fileSystem.mkdir("/a/b/c");
fileSystem.addContentToFile("/a/b/c/d", "hello");
fileSystem.ls("/");                         // return ["a"]
fileSystem.readContentFromFile("/a/b/c/d"); // return "hello"
</pre>

Constraints:

    1 <= path.length, filePath.length <= 100
    path and filePath are absolute paths which begin with '/' and do not end with '/' except that the path is just "/".
    You can assume that all directory names and file names only contain lowercase letters, and the same names will not exist in the same directory.
    You can assume that all operations will be passed valid parameters, and users will not attempt to retrieve file content or list a directory or file that does not exist.
    1 <= content.length <= 50
    At most 300 calls will be made to ls, mkdir, addContentToFile, and readContentFromFile.


## Thinking

## Coding
Time: O();
Space: O();

### Solution

```java
class FileSystem {
    private static final class Node
    {
        final String name;
        final Map<String, Node> children;
        final StringBuilder content;
        boolean isFile;

        Node(final String name)
        {
            this.name = name;
            this.children = new TreeMap<>();
            this.content = new StringBuilder();
            this.isFile = false;
        }

        private boolean isFile()
        {
            return isFile;
        }
    }

    private final Node root;

    public FileSystem()
    {
        root = new Node("");
    }

    public List<String> ls(String path) {
        Node node = traversePath(path);
        return node.isFile() ? List.of(node.name) : new ArrayList<>(node.children.keySet());
    }

    public void mkdir(String path) {
        traversePath(path);
    }

    public void addContentToFile(String filePath, String content) {
        Node node = traversePath(filePath);
        node.isFile = true;
        node.content.append(content.toString());
    }

    public String readContentFromFile(String filePath) {
        Node node = traversePath(filePath);
        return node.content.toString();
    }

    private Node traversePath(String path)
    {
        Node current = root;
        String[] parts = path.split("/");
        // starts from 1 because current is already at root which is index 0 or parts
        int i = 1;
        while(i < parts.length)
        {
            final String part = parts[i];
            // get if exists, otherwise create and put in the map
            current = current.children.computeIfAbsent(parts[i], k -> new Node(part));
            i++;
        }
        return current;
    }
}

/**
 * Your FileSystem object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * FileSystem obj = new FileSystem();
 * List<String> param_1 = obj.ls(path);
 * obj.mkdir(path);
 * obj.addContentToFile(filePath,content);
 * String param_4 = obj.readContentFromFile(filePath);
 */
```