## Question
There is a forest with an unknown number of rabbits. We asked n rabbits "How many rabbits have the same color as you?" and collected the answers in an integer array answers where answers[i] is the answer of the ith rabbit.
Given the array answers, return the minimum number of rabbits that could be in the forest.
https://leetcode.com/problems/rabbits-in-forest/description/

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input: answers = [1,1,2]
Output: 5
Explanation:
The two rabbits that answered "1" could both be the same color, say red.
The rabbit that answered "2" can't be red or the answers would be inconsistent.
Say the rabbit that answered "2" was blue.
Then there should be 2 other blue rabbits in the forest that didn't answer into the array.
The smallest possible number of rabbits in the forest is therefore 5: 3 that answered plus 2 that didn't.
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
Input: answers = [10,10,10]
Output: 11
</pre>


## Thinking
The main idea is to make rabbits with same answer group together as much as possible.

Simple logic is to keep a count of the answers given by the rabbits and categorize them into groups
Eg : If one rabbit has answered 1 then there must be at least 2 rabbits
Similarly if 3 rabbits have answered 1 then 2 of 3 must belong to one group and leftout 1 would belong to other group

TestCase : [10, 10 , 10] , all the rabbits will belong to same group until 10 rabbits have answered 10 
if there exists 11th rabbit that answers 10 then it would belong to another group consisting of another 11 rabbits**


## Coding
Time: O(n); </br>
Space: O(1)

### Solution
```java
class Solution {
    public int numRabbits(int[] answers) {
        int minRabbit = 0;
        Map<Integer, Integer> countAns = new HashMap<>();

        for (int ans: answers)
        {
            // number of rabbit reponse with ans so far
            int count = countAns.getOrDefault(ans, 0);

            // when it is the first appearance of the ans or if the answer number of rabbits exceeds the answer count, that rabbit's answer will belong to a new group of color
            if (count==0 || count == ans + 1)
            {
                minRabbit += ans+1;
                countAns.put(ans, 1); // reset the answer count to 1
            }
            else
            {
                countAns.put(ans, count + 1);
            }
        }
        return minRabbit;
    }
}
```


