## Question
There are n cities numbered from 0 to n - 1 and n - 1 roads such that there is only one way to travel between two different cities (this network form a tree). Last year, The ministry of transport decided to orient the roads in one direction because they are too narrow.

Roads are represented by connections where connections[i] = [ai, bi] represents a road from city ai to city bi.

This year, there will be a big event in the capital (city 0), and many people want to travel to this city.

Your task consists of reorienting some roads such that each city can visit the city 0. Return the minimum number of edges changed.

It's guaranteed that each city can reach city 0 after reorder.

https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-routes-to-make-all-paths-lead-to-the-city-zero/description/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=leetcode-75

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input: n = 6, connections = [[0,1],[1,3],[2,3],[4,0],[4,5]]
Output: 3
Explanation: Change the direction of edges show in red such that each node can reach the node 0 (capital).
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
Input: n = 5, connections = [[1,0],[1,2],[3,2],[3,4]]
Output: 2
Explanation: Change the direction of edges show in red such that each node can reach the node 0 (capital).
</pre>

**Example 3:**
<pre>
Input: n = 3, connections = [[1,0],[2,0]]
Output: 0
</pre>

Constraints:

    2 <= n <= 5 * 104
    connections.length == n - 1
    connections[i].length == 2
    0 <= ai, bi <= n - 1
    ai != bi



## Thinking
https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-routes-to-make-all-paths-lead-to-the-city-zero/solutions/661672/c-java-track-direction/

Use adjacency lists with signed and unsigned to indicate direction.

## Coding
Time: O(n)

Space: O(n) We store n nodes in the adjacency list, with n - 1 edges in total.

### Solution
```java
class Solution {
    public int minReorder(int n, int[][] connections)
    {
        final List<List<Integer>> adjLists = new ArrayList<>();
        // initialize list: index is the node and each list has all adjacency nodes
        for (int i=0; i<n; i++)
        {
            adjLists.add(new ArrayList<Integer>());
        }
        // add adj nodes with direction signs to the al
        for (int[] c: connections)
        {
            // add direction pointing out of the node
            adjLists.get(c[0]).add(c[1]);
            // add direction pointing to the node
            adjLists.get(c[1]).add(-c[0]);
        }
        // default is false
        final boolean[] visited = new boolean[n];
        return getChangedEdge(adjLists, visited, 0);
    }

    private int getChangedEdge(List<List<Integer>> adjLists, boolean[] visited, int node)
    {
        int change = 0;
        visited[node] = true;

        for (int adjNode: adjLists.get(node))
        {
            if (!visited[Math.abs(adjNode)])
            {
                // means it is pointing out and we are traversing from 0 out, we want the direction to point to the node so it reaches the 0 ultimately
                change += adjNode > 0 ? 1:0;
                change += getChangedEdge(adjLists, visited, Math.abs(adjNode));
            }
        }
        return change;
    }
}
```
