## Question
You have a set which contains all positive integers [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, ...].

Implement the SmallestInfiniteSet class:

    SmallestInfiniteSet() Initializes the SmallestInfiniteSet object to contain all positive integers.
    int popSmallest() Removes and returns the smallest integer contained in the infinite set.
    void addBack(int num) Adds a positive integer num back into the infinite set, if it is not already in the infinite set.


https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-in-infinite-set/description/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=leetcode-75

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input
["SmallestInfiniteSet", "addBack", "popSmallest", "popSmallest", "popSmallest", "addBack", "popSmallest", "popSmallest", "popSmallest"]
[[], [2], [], [], [], [1], [], [], []]
Output
[null, null, 1, 2, 3, null, 1, 4, 5]

Explanation
SmallestInfiniteSet smallestInfiniteSet = new SmallestInfiniteSet();
smallestInfiniteSet.addBack(2);    // 2 is already in the set, so no change is made.
smallestInfiniteSet.popSmallest(); // return 1, since 1 is the smallest number, and remove it from the set.
smallestInfiniteSet.popSmallest(); // return 2, and remove it from the set.
smallestInfiniteSet.popSmallest(); // return 3, and remove it from the set.
smallestInfiniteSet.addBack(1);    // 1 is added back to the set.
smallestInfiniteSet.popSmallest(); // return 1, since 1 was added back to the set and
                                   // is the smallest number, and remove it from the set.
smallestInfiniteSet.popSmallest(); // return 4, and remove it from the set.
smallestInfiniteSet.popSmallest(); // return 5, and remove it from the set.
</pre>

Constraints:

    1 <= num <= 1000
    At most 1000 calls will be made in total to popSmallest and addBack.

## Thinking


## Coding
Time: O(n) for contains in add and O(logn) for heapify.

Space: O(n) worst case

### Solution
```java
class SmallestInfiniteSet {
    // keep tracks of the number smaller than the popped min num
    private PriorityQueue<Integer> pq;
    private int minNum;

    public SmallestInfiniteSet() {
        this.pq = new PriorityQueue<>();
        minNum = 1;
    }

    public int popSmallest() {
        if (!pq.isEmpty())
        {
            // no need to check if it is smaller than minNum as we only add if it is smaller
            return pq.poll();
        }

        minNum++;
        return minNum-1;
    }

    public void addBack(int num) {
        if (num < minNum && !pq.contains(num))
        {
            pq.offer(num);
        }
    }
}

/**
 * Your SmallestInfiniteSet object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * SmallestInfiniteSet obj = new SmallestInfiniteSet();
 * int param_1 = obj.popSmallest();
 * obj.addBack(num);
 */
```
