## Question
Given an array of characters chars, compress it using the following algorithm:

Begin with an empty string s. For each group of consecutive repeating characters in chars:

    If the group's length is 1, append the character to s.
    Otherwise, append the character followed by the group's length.

The compressed string s should not be returned separately, but instead, be stored in the input character array chars. Note that group lengths that are 10 or longer will be split into multiple characters in chars.

After you are done modifying the input array, return the new length of the array.

You must write an algorithm that uses only constant extra space.

https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/description/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=leetcode-75

**Example 1:**
<pre>
Input: chars = ["a","a","b","b","c","c","c"]
Output: Return 6, and the first 6 characters of the input array should be: ["a","2","b","2","c","3"]
Explanation: The groups are "aa", "bb", and "ccc". This compresses to "a2b2c3".
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
Input: chars = ["a"]
Output: Return 1, and the first character of the input array should be: ["a"]
Explanation: The only group is "a", which remains uncompressed since it's a single character.
</pre>

**Example 3:**
<pre>
Input: chars = ["a","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b"]
Output: Return 4, and the first 4 characters of the input array should be: ["a","b","1","2"].
Explanation: The groups are "a" and "bbbbbbbbbbbb". This compresses to "ab12".
</pre>

Constraints:

    1 <= chars.length <= 2000
    chars[i] is a lowercase English letter, uppercase English letter, digit, or symbol.

## Thinking
To solve this problem, you can use two pointers to traverse the input array chars.   
One pointer (writePointer) will keep track of where the compressed characters should be written,   
and the other pointer (readPointer) will traverse the array to find consecutive repeating characters.   
You'll also need a count to keep track of the group length.  

## Coding
Time: O(n)

Space: O(1)

### Solution
```java
class Solution {
    public int compress(char[] chars) {
        int writePointer = 0;
        int count = 0;

        for (int readPointer = 0; readPointer < chars.length; readPointer++)
        {
            count++;

            // Check if the next character is different or we've reached the end of chars
            if (readPointer == chars.length -1 || chars[readPointer] != chars[readPointer+1])
            {
                chars[writePointer++] = chars[readPointer];
                // If count is greater than 1, write its digits
                if (count > 1) {
                    String countStr = Integer.toString(count);
                    for (char c : countStr.toCharArray()) {
                        chars[writePointer++] = c;
                    }
                }
                count = 0;
            }
        }
        return writePointer;
    }
}
```

